I want to create an app to catalog and organize adult movie clips.
Code for the app will be stored at https://github.com/rsgill1978/VideoVault.
Code should be delivered via ZIP file (no need for README on how to use the ZIP file)
Only changed files must be included in the ZIP file.
Do not create any addition TXT or MD files explaining how to apply the code changes etc unless you are EXPLICITLY told to do so.

The app must be C# and run on MacOS, Linux Mint and Windows.
A Powershell build script must be included with the code.
Always double check code before creating ZIP file.

All code should contain comments.
Not every line must be commented.
Comments should be above lines of code, never on the same line (this improves readability).
Comments should explain logic and how the logic is implemented.
Comments must be in Simplified Technical English.

The app must be fully documented.
All UI elements must have tool tips.

The app must be multi threaded.
The UI must not be slugging or unresponsive while performing background tasks.

NEVER REMOVE FUNCTIONALITY TO FIX A PROBLEM

Features:
All app features must be in one window.
All app operations must be logged to a text file.
Log detail levels must be configurable.
Progress bars should be displayed for all operations which take time (especially background operations).
Store all settings as a JSON.
The app must have the ability to configure settings in the UI.
App UI must be resizable and have the ability to be maximized, minimized etc.
UI must allow for a path to video files to be browsed to.
Once the scan button is clicked, all video files in the path must be scanned recursively.
The files which are found must be cataloged in a database (database setup etc must be hidden from the end user).
As files are added to the app's library, they must be visible within the app.
An embedded video player must be available for playing videos within the app.
The video player must have full screen ability and a "minimized" mode where the video is played in the bottom right corner of the app window.
The app must have the ability to identify duplicate files based on a scoring system and have the ability to delete duplicate files.
The app must auto generate thumbnails for all imported video files.
The app must have the ability to scrape the web for missing information on the video files.
There must be a way to edit the metadata of the files in the app.
The app must be able to determine the performers in a video file.
Once a performer has been identified, the performer must be added to the app's database.
The performer's name, aliases, age (based on DOB), gender, body characteristics etc must be included.
The acts being performed in each video should also be cataloged.
The user should be able to search for files based on the acts performed, the performers, etc.

Phase 1:
COMPLETE

Phase 2:
COMPLETE

Phase 3:
COMPLETE

Phase 4:
Web scraping.
Performer search.
Determining acts being performed in the videos.

Phase 5:
Metadata editing

Phase 6:
Advanced search options.